{\rtf1\ansi\deff12
{\colortbl\red0\green0\blue255;}
\sectd \ftnbj 
{\fonttbl
{\f12\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}
{\f18\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier New;}
{\f26\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset2 Symbol;}
{\f40\fswiss\fcharset0 Tahoma;}
}
{\stylesheet
{\s0\snext0 Base;}
{\s1\fs36\snext1 Banner Base;}
{\s2\fs12\li-144\sbasedon1\snext2 Button Bar;}
{\s3\li360\fi-360\tx360\sbasedon0\snext3 List1;}
{\s4\li720\fi-360\tx720\sbasedon0\snext4 List2;}
{\s5\li1080\fi-360\tx1080\sbasedon0\snext5 List3;}
{\s6\f26\sb100\sa100\snext6 Normal;}
}
\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $  Payroll}
{\up #}{\footnote # _Payroll}
{\up K}{\footnote K Payroll}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Payroll Menu}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b \tab Employees }{\plain -Allows the user to access the Employee databases.  Basic information concerning the employee can be added or changed. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Employee_Database}{\plain \par 
\par 
\tab }{\plain\b Payments}{\plain  -Allows the user to enter and or alter the payments for an employee.  These are calculated on a per period basis. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Payments}{\plain \par 
\par 
\tab }{\plain\b Reports }{\plain -Printable reports that give all of the information requested.  Printed reports available are for Employees and Payments. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Reports}{\plain \par 
\par 
\tab }{\plain\b Report Employees}{\plain  -Prints a report on Employee's within a range specified by the user.  All basic information on all employees is provided in this report. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Reports}{\plain \par 
\par 
\tab }{\plain\b Report Payments}{\plain  -Prints a report on Payments within a range specified by the user.  All basic information on employee payments and deductions are included in this report. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Reports}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ 11076}
{\up #}{\footnote # 11076}
{\up K}{\footnote K 11076}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs36\b 11076}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b THIS FORM SHOULD BE PRINTED ON CANARY YELLOW PAPER 8.5" X 11"}{\plain .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b \'b7 What can you ask for?}\par 
{\plain \par 
We supply different kinds of birth, marriage and death documents\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Certificate }\par 
{\plain \par 
This includes basic information, such as name, date and place of birth, marriage, or death\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Long form}\par 
{\plain \par 
This contains all registered information, including parents information and signatures.  It is provided in the form of a certified copy.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Confirmation Letter}\par 
{\plain \par 
This is a letter saying the record is or is not on file\par 
\par 
If you dont know the exact date of the event, choose a year and write it in the space provided for the date.  We will search that whole year, plus two years before and after, for a total of five years.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b How old are the records?}\par 
{\plain \par 
The Office of the Registrar General holds records for births that happened in Ontario during the past 95 years, marriages that happened in Ontario during the past 80 years, and deaths that happened in Ontario during the past 70 years.\par 
\par 
To obtain older records, contact:\par 
\par 
The Archives of Ontario\par 
\par 
Attention:  Vital Statistics Reference Archivist\par 
\par 
77 Grenville Street,\par 
\par 
Toronto, ON M7A 2R9\par 
\par 
Or call The Vital Statistics Hot line at \par 
\par 
(416) 327-1593\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab  }{\plain\b Who is qualified to ask for these documents?}\par 
{\plain \par 
Anyone can ask for a confirmation letter.\par 
\par 
The following information tells you who is qualified to ask for a certificate or a long form.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Birth records}\par 
{\plain \par 
You may get a certificate or a long form only if you are:\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab the person named on the certificate and you are at least 13 years old, or\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab a parent of the child named on the certificate and your name is on the birth registration, or\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab the closest next-of-kin, executor, * or estate trustee, *and the person named on the certificate is deceased.  (You must provide proof of death, e.g., a death certificate or funeral directors statement.)\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Marriage records}\par 
{\plain \par 
You may get a certificate only if you are:\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab the bride or groom named on the certificate, or\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab a child of the bride and groom, or\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab a parent of the bride or groom, or\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab the closest next-of-kin, executor, * or estate trustee, * and either the bride or groom is deceased.\par 
\par 
You may get a long form only if you are:\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab the bride or groom, or\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab the closest next-of-kin, executor,* or estate trustee, *and either the bride or groom is deceased.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Death records}\par 
{\plain \par 
Anyone may ask for a death certificate.\par 
\par 
You may get a long form only if you are the deceaseds closest next-of-kin, executor, * or estate trustee. *\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Fees and payment}\par 
{\plain \par 
Here are the fees for each type of certificate if you order by mail.  There are no taxes for these documents.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Certificate }\par 
{\plain \par 
(Basic information such as name, date and place of event).... $15.00 each\par 
\par 
Long form\par 
\par 
(Contains all registered information, including signatures)\'85\'85$22.00 each\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Confirmation letter}\par 
{\plain \par 
(A letter providing results of a search of our records)\'85..\'85\'85..$15.00 each\par 
\par 
You may also get same-day service at one of our public counters for an additional $15.00 for each document.  Some restrictions apply.\par 
\par 
Please note that fees are subject to change without notice.  If you send your request by mail, you can pay by cheque or money order, made payable to Minister of  Finance, or by VISA or MasterCard.  At our public counters, you can also pay by cash or debit card.\par 
\par 
If you're sending your payment from anywhere other than Canada or the US, you must pay with an international money order in Canadian funds drawn on a Canadian clearing house, or by VISA or MasterCard.  US applicants may submit a US Postal money order in US funds.\par 
\par 
We will not accept post-dated cheques.  We will charge $35.00 if your cheque is rejected because of insufficient funds.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Where do you bring this application?}\par 
{\plain \par 
After you have completed this application form and signed it, you can mail it, with your payment, to our office:\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Office of the Registrar General}\par 
{\plain \par 
P.O. Box 4600\par 
\par 
189 Red River Road\par 
\par 
Thunder Bay, ON P7B 6L8\par 
\par 
You can also fax your application to us (with credit card payment only).  Our fax number is 807-343-7459.  If you application is urgent, please call before faxing.\par 
\par 
You can drop off your application or get same-day service at our public counters.  (Some restrictions apply). Our public counters are located at:\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Hamilton Land Registry Office}\par 
{\plain \par 
Ontario Government Building\par 
\par 
119 King St. West, 4th floor\par 
\par 
Hamilton, ON L8N 3Z9\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b London Land Registry Office}\par 
{\plain \par 
80 Dundas St., 1st floor\par 
\par 
London ON N6A 2P3\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b North Bay Land Registry Office }\par 
{\plain \par 
Court House \par 
\par 
360 Plouffe St.\par 
\par 
North Bay, ON P1B 9L5\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Ottawa Land Registry Office}\par 
{\plain \par 
Court House\par 
\par 
161 Elgin St. , 4th floor\par 
\par 
Ottawa, ON K2P 2K1\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Sudbury Land Registry Office}\par 
{\plain \par 
199 Larch St.\par 
\par 
Sudbury, On P3E 5P9\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Thunder Bay Land Registry Office}\par 
{\plain \par 
189 Red River Rd., 2nd floor\par 
\par 
Thunder Bay, ON P7B 6L8\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Toronto Counter }\par 
{\plain \par 
Macdonald Block\par 
\par 
900 Bay St. (Bay and Wellesley), 2nd floor\par 
\par 
Toronto, ON M7A 1Y5\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Whitby Land Registry Office}\par 
{\plain \par 
590 Rossland Rd. East \par 
\par 
Whitby, ON L1N 9G5\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Windsor Land Registry Office}\par 
{\plain \par 
250 Windsor Ave., 3rd floor\par 
\par 
Windsor, On N9A 6V9\par 
\par 
*If you are the executor or estate administrator, provide a copy of the will or letters of administration.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Addresses}
{\up #}{\footnote # Addresses}
{\up K}{\footnote K Addresses}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Addresses}\par 
{\plain \par 
It is through the use of Addresses that you can have all of the government addresses pre-programmed into TSW Forms.  By doing so, you can automate the filling of a form by having the Government Agency address's pre-entered.  TSW Forms already has 5 important government agencies addresses preprogrammed.  \par 
\par 
Not every form requires this information, but those that do are labelled address and have a drop-down box with the numbers 1 through 8 .  Each address has been given a numerical value.  At the desired form, select the appropriate number to have the field filled automatically. }{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Business Forms}
{\up #}{\footnote # Business_Forms}
{\up K}{\footnote K Business Forms}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Business Forms}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b CBR 190-}{\plain  Articles of Incorporation\par 
\par 
For business that wish to incorporate.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v CBR_190}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b GST 62-1}{\plain -  Goods and Service Tax Return\par 
\par 
Generally, you have to file a GST/HST return for every reporting.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v GST_62_1}{\plain  \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b INS 2106 }{\plain - Record of Employment \par 
\par 
Used to file an ROE, or record of employment.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v INS_2106E}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b PR 0336}{\plain  - Retail Sales Tax Return\par 
\par 
Used to file a return for retail sales tax.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v PR_0336}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b RC 107E}{\plain  - Current Source Deductions\par 
\par 
Used to file for current source deductions remittance voucher.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v RC_107E}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b RC 1E }{\plain - Request for Business Number\par 
\par 
Used to register a business in Ontario.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v RC_1E}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Business Profiles}
{\up #}{\footnote # Business_Profiles}
{\up K}{\footnote K Business Profiles}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Business Profiles}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
These windows contain information regarding your business information.  By filling it in advance, it allows the user to Set this preference to automate form calculation and filling.  All of the information that has to be entered will already be available to the user.  There are 5 tabs that can be filled in advance.  They are General, Mailing Address, Business Address, Business Numbers, and Periods.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab General - Contains general information concerning the business.  Names of the business, address, and contact person are entered in this section.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Mailing Address - If your business has a separate mailing address, this information can be filled in this section.  Should the mailing address be identical to the business address, you may press the 'Fill' button in the bottom right corner to fill in the address information from the General tab.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Business Address - This is the full business address.  This includes postal code information.  If you wish to fill these fields from the General tab press the 'Fill' button in the bottom right corner.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Business Numbers - Many businesses require to be registered in various areas.  All of your associated business numbers are filled out in the section.  Fill in all the account numbers concerning GST, Health Tax, and the like.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Periods - Any information regarding the reporting periods that your business uses can be filled in at this point.  Starting period date and the frequency are selected.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ CBR 190}
{\up #}{\footnote # CBR_190}
{\up K}{\footnote K CBR 190}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b CBR 190}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 1}{\plain  - Enter the name of the corporation\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 2}{\plain  - Enter the address of the registered office, including street & number, or R.R. number & if multi-office building give room number. It also requests information on the municipality or post office which is the name of municipality or post office and postal code.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 3}{\plain  - Enter the number (or minimum and maximum number) of directors.  \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 4}{\plain  - Enter the directors first names, initials and surname along with their residence address, municipality and postal code.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 5}{\plain  - Enter restrictions, if any, on business the corporation may carry on or on powers the corporation may exercise \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 6}{\plain  - Enter the classes and any maximum number of shares that the corporation is authorized to issue\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 7}{\plain  - Enter any rights, privileges, restrictions and conditions (if any) attaching to each class of shares and directors authority with respect to any class of shares which may be issued in series\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 8}{\plain  - Enter the issue, transfer or ownership of shares is/is not restricted and the restrictions (if any) \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 9}{\plain  - Enter other provisions, if any\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Section 10}{\plain  - Enter the names and addresses of the incorporators first name, initials and surname or corporate name\par 
\par 
These articles are signed in duplicate\par 
\par 
The last section is provided for the signature of the Incorporators.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Collection}
{\up #}{\footnote # Collection}
{\up K}{\footnote K Collection}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Collection}\par 
{\plain \par 
TSW Forms has assembled some vital forms required for both business and personal uses.  This collection will be continuously expanded and updated so that the forms you may require will be added.\par 
\par 
There are two broad catagories that forms will be placed in, Business Forms and Personal Forms.  There is a fine line in how these catagories can be defined, so it is worth investigating to see how each one is labelled.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Business Forms}\par 
{\plain \par 
Business Forms are all of the forms that are critical to the operation of strictly company matters.  If a form covers company issues solely, then these would be catagorized as business.  Examples of forms placed in this catagory is Articles of Incorporation (CBR 190), Goods and Service Tax Return (GST 62-1), and Retail Sales Tax Return (PR0336). }{\uldb {detailed list of forms}}{\v Business_Forms}{\plain \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Personal Forms}\par 
{\plain Personal Forms are all of the forms that are required for individuals inside our outside of the workplace.  This approach may be difficult to classify, but is the most efficient means.  By storing all of these forms in the Personal category, it is easier to locate the forms that are required for individuals.  Examples of forms present in the Personal catagory are Application for Social Insurance Number (NAS 2120), Request for Birth, Death, and Marriage Certificates (11076), and Sickness, Maternity, or Parental Benefits (INS 5168).  }{\uldb {detailed list of forms}}{\v Personal_Forms}{\plain \par 
\par 
 }\par\page\pard\plain\s4\li720\fi-361\tx720 {\up $}{\footnote $ Contents}
{\up #}{\footnote # Contents}
{\up K}{\footnote K Contents}
{\plain 
}\par 
\pard\s6\sb100\sa100 {\plain\ul }{\uldb {What is the TSW Form?}}{\v What_is_the_TSW_Form_}{\plain\ul \par 
}{\uldb {How to Obtain Updates}}{\v How_to_Obtain_Updates}{\plain\ul \par 
}{\uldb {Legal Notice}}{\v Legal_Notice}{\plain\ul \par 
\par 
Refrence\par 
\tab }{\uldb {Getting Started}}{\v Getting_Started}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Tool Bar Icons}}{\v Tool_Bar_Icons}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab Menu items\par 
\tab \tab Forms Menu Items\par 
\tab \tab \tab }{\uldb {Form Menu}}{\v Form_Menu}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab \tab }{\uldb {Save As}}{\v Save_As}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab \tab }{\uldb {Open New}}{\v Open_and_fill_a_new_form_}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab \tab }{\uldb {Open Saved}}{\v Open___Open_a_saved_form}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab }{\uldb {Edit Menu}}{\v Edit_Menu}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab }{\uldb {Payroll Menu}}{\v _Payroll}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab }{\uldb {Options Menu}}{\v Options_Menu}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab }{\uldb {Window Menu}}{\v Window_Menu}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab \tab }{\uldb {Help Menu}}{\v Help_Menu}{\plain\ul }\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain\ul Forms\par 
\tab }{\uldb {Collection}}{\v Collection}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Business Forms}}{\v Business_Forms}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Personal Forms}}{\v Personal_Forms}{\plain\ul \par 
Payroll\par 
\tab }{\uldb {Payroll}}{\v _Payroll}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Employee Database}}{\v Employee_Database}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Payments}}{\v Payments}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Reports}}{\v Reports}{\plain\ul \par 
Profiles\par 
\tab }{\uldb {Profiles}}{\v Profiles}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Bisiness Profiles}}{\v Business_Profiles}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Personal Profiles}}{\v Personal_Profiles}{\plain\ul \par 
\tab }{\uldb {Set}}{\v Set}{\plain\ul \par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
}\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Edit Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote # Edit_Menu}
{\up K}{\footnote K Edit Menu}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Edit Menu}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Cut }{\plain - Takes the selected text and places it on the clipboard.  The copied item can then be placed by using the paste function.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Copy}{\plain  - Copies the selected text and places it on the clipboard.  The copied item can then be placed by using the paste function.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Paste}{\plain  - Places the information stored on the clip board to the selected area.  With the mouse, click on the field where the text is to be placed and then make sure it has the focus.  Then select the paste function to place it.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Delete}{\plain  - Delete the selected text or item with the focus.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Select All}{\plain  -Selects all of the text on the current form.  This is a convenient way to move or copy large amounts of information.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Date}{\plain  - Places the current date into the field that currently has the focus.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Employee Database}
{\up #}{\footnote # Employee_Database}
{\up K}{\footnote K Employee Database}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Employee Database}\par 
{\plain \par 
The employee database contains important information required to use the payroll portion of TSW forms.  In order to make sure that all of the payroll items will work correctly, the employee database must be filled properly.\par 
\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b General Information}{\plain  - These items contain self-explanatory information such as name and social insurance number.  This information can then be 'set' to be used by any of the forms available.  There are two items in the general section which should be noted.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b #Per}{\plain  - Indicates the number of pay periods that the employee will have annually.  If the employee is paid on a weekly basis, then #Per should equal 52 (52 weeks a year).  If the employee is paid on a monthly basis, then #Per should equal 12 (12 months a year).  \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Period end date}{\plain  - The last day that a pay period occurs.  This field requires an actual date value of when the pay period ends.  If pay is calculated on a weekly basis, and pay for the week is calculated from Monday to Friday, then for the month of April 2000, a possible pay period end date would be April 21st, 2000.  \par 
\par 
By using the pay period information, calculations can be applied for the necessary deductions.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Salary / Wage}{\plain  - The middle section of the employees form contains information concerning how much the employee earns.  Determine if the employee is paid by salary or an hourly rate, how much they earn on a regular basis (pay per pay period), and EI deductions that are taken.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Deductions }{\plain - Include in this section any deductions that are made on behalf of the employee.  If a portion of the employee's pay is deducted at source, then include these payment items here.  Additionally, you can declare any other Federal or Provincial deductions that are applicable here as well.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b TD1 Credits}{\plain  - As determined by the TD1 tax credit form, tax codes and deductions are determined here. Refer to the TD1 form for more information on particular items.\par 
\par 
Various button are also available on the form.  On the right side of the form are four navigation buttons to help you locate or find and existing employee record.  The navigation buttons are identical to Microsoft Access navigation buttons.  first indicates the first employee, last the last employee record, with Prev and Next  indicating the previous or next record. \par 
\par 
If you wish to create a new employee record, simply click the New button at the bottom of the form to create a new employee record.  Click Save to save the employee record, or delete if you wish to remove an employee record.  Once you have completed all of the employee records your wish to enter, you can exit by clicking the exit button. }{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Form Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote # Form_Menu}
{\up K}{\footnote K Form Menu}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Form Menu}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b New}{\uldb {\fs28\b }}{\v Open_and_fill_a_new_form_}{\plain\fs28\b }{\plain  - Open a new form.  It is from this menu that you can select any of the forms currently programmed into the system.  If you wish to open up the payroll abilities, access to this is through the Payroll link. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Open_and_fill_a_new_form_}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b Open }{\plain - Opens a form that you have already entered information into.  It is through this menu item that you can load a previously saved form to change, print, or examine.}{\uldb { more}}{\v Open___Open_a_saved_form}{\plain  \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b Close}{\plain  - Close the current form that is opened.  This will close the form that is currently opened.  By closing a form that you have changed, you will lose all associated information unless you choose the }{\uldb {Save or Save as item}}{\v Save_As}{\plain .  \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Close all forms}{\plain  - Close all of the forms that are currently open.  If you have numerous forms open, this option allows you to close all of the forms at one time.  By closing forms that you have changed, you will lose all associated information unless you choose the }{\uldb {Save or Save as item}}{\v Save_As}{\plain .\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Save - Allows you to save}{\plain  the currently used form with all of the related information.  When you have completed changing a form, you may save all of the related information.  If the current form has already been saved before using the }{\uldb {Save As}}{\v Save_As}{\plain  command, the form will be saved under the same name.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Save As}{\uldb {\b  }}{\v Save_As}{\plain\b }{\plain - Allows you to save the currently used form with all of the related information into a unique filename.  This allows you to give a meaningful name to the form you have filled out, so that you can easily find the file the next time you wish to load the form.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v Save_As}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b View}{\plain  - Allows you to view the form you are filling in its true format.  This gives the user to see what the final, filled form will look like when printed out.  The form is viewed using the Adobe Acrobat Viewer (c).\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Print-}{\plain  Allows you to print out the currently viewed form.  This conveniently prints out all of the information in a format ready to send out.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Print empty}{\plain - Allows you to print out the currently viewed form without any fields filled.  This prints out a form without any fields printed so that you can view or fill up the form manually.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Clear}{\plain  -  Allows the user to clear all of the field information for the current form.  If you wish to start re-entering information from the beginning, you may clear the form using this option.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Recalculate}{\plain  - Recalculates information on the current form.  If changes are done to the form, calculations are redone with the changes in place.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Exit}{\plain  - closes all forms and exits the programming.  When you have finished working on forms, select this option to exit TSW forms.}\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ GST 62-1}
{\up #}{\footnote # GST_62_1}
{\up K}{\footnote K GST 62-1}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b GST 62-1}\par 
{\plain \par 
}{\plain\b Only}{\plain  complete the lines of the return that apply to you.  Complete the return in Canadian dollars and sign it.\par 
Copy the amounts from the }{\plain\b highlighted boxes}{\plain  in Part 1 of the return to the corresponding boxes in Part 2.  Identify a negative number with a minus sign in the separate box next to the line number.  Make sure that your numbers are clearly printed in the boxes.\par 
\par 
}\par 
\pard\s0\qc {\plain }{\plain\b KEEP THE TOP PART OF THE RETURN FOR YOUR RECORDS}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
This is your working copy.  It and any other information you use to prepare your return are subject to audit and must be retained for verification purposes.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b DO NOT}{\plain  staple, paper clip, tape, or fold voucher or your cheque.\par 
\par 
\par 
Generally, you have to file a GST/HST return for every reporting period, even if the return reports a zero balance.\par 
If you are using the }{\plain\b Quick Method of Accounting}{\plain , see the booklet called Quick Method of Accounting for GST/HST, and use the line-by-line completion instructions in our guide called General Information for GST/HST Registrants or contact your tax services office.\par 
\par 
For more information on adjustments, input tax credits, self-assessing, or completing this return, see the guide called General Information for GST/HST Registrants or contact your tax services office.\par 
\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Field 111}{\plain  - Complete this line }{\plain\b only}{\plain  when you are applying for a rebate using GST284, GST/HST Personalized Rebate Application for Public Service Bodies, or the non-personalized version (Form GST66), }{\plain\b and}{\plain   you are including the form with this return.\par 
\par 
Note: Do }{\plain\b not}{\plain  include any other rebate application amounts (e.g., Form GST189, General Application for Rebate of GST/HST, Form GST190, GST/HST New Housing Rebate Application).\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Field 205}{\plain  - Complete this line }{\plain\b only}{\plain   if you are a GST/HST registrant who purchases taxable real property for use or supply primarily (more then 50%) in your commercial activities and you are either registered (other than an individual who purchases a residential complex) or purchased the property from a non-resident.  If you qualify for an input tax credit (ITC) on the purchase, claim this amount on line 106.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Field 405}{\plain  - Complete this line }{\plain\b only}{\plain  if you are a GST/HST registrant who has to self-assess GST/HST on an imported taxable supply or who has to self-assess the provincial component of HST.\par 
\par 
If you are entitled to a refund, mail your return to;\par 
\par 
REVENUE CANADA\par 
\par 
SUMMERSIDE TAX CENTRE\par 
\par 
275 POPE ROAD SUIT 103\par 
\par 
SUMMERSIDE PE C1N 6A2\par 
\par 
If you owe money, you can: \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Mail your return to the above address; or \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Pay at your financial institution in Canada at no charge (a photocopy of this return will not be accepted by your financial institution). \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Payments of $50,000 or more must be made at a financial institution in Canada.\par 
\par 
If you are claiming a refund, if this return requires attached documentation, or if you are using a photocopy of this form, the return will }{\plain\b not}{\plain  be accepted by your financial institution.\par 
\par 
A balance of less then $2 will not be charged or refunded.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b To make your payment directly to Revenue Canada, return the bottom portion with your cheque or money order made payable to the Receiver General to the address shown above.\par 
\par 
To help us credit your payment, write your Business Number on the back of your cheque or money order.\par 
\par 
If you make your payment at your financial institution in Canada, present this form to the teller with your payment.  The teller will return the top portion as your receipt.\par 
\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Getting Started}
{\up #}{\footnote # Getting_Started}
{\up K}{\footnote K Getting Started}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Getting Started}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
You currently posses a copy of TSW forms and would like to get started.  Depending on your requirements, all of the options are available.  However, if you wish to use TSW forms over any duration of time, it would be advisable that you fill out all of the essentials first.  By setting profiles and addresses at the beginning, many of the tasks can be automated.  If you intend to use the payroll package provided, you should also set up the employee profiles as well.\par 
\par 
What would you like to start doing?\par 
\par 
}{\uldb {Open and fill a new form}}{\v Open_and_fill_a_new_form_}{\plain \par 
\par 
}{\uldb {Set all of my profiles in advance so that filling forms are easier and faster}}{\v Profiles}{\plain \par 
\par 
Prepare the Payroll option so that I can use TSW Forms Payroll}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Help Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote # Help_Menu}
{\up K}{\footnote K Help Menu}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Help Menu}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b Contents}{\plain  - Displays the table of contents for all of the help items present.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b Index}{\plain  - Displays an index of all help pages present.  Type in your request for information and the help index will quickly bring up the topic that resembles the spelling most.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b Internet Help}{\plain  - The use of the internet has revolutionized many standards formerly available in software.  Two options are available for internet use:\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b WWW}{\plain  - By selecting this link, you will automatically be hooked up to the TSW website.  This is very useful for those that need more information concerning TSW forms or would like to find more information concerning updates and new forms available. \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b E-mail}{\plain  - Because of the importance of the forms and payroll available in TSW forms, the option to contact important people via the internet is also present.  Important addresses to accountants, lawyers, and other value-added business partners can be programmed within TSW forms so that you can quickly e-mail important information or documentation to these people.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v Send_Mail}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\fs28\b About TSW Forms}{\plain  - Displays version information and other useful information about TSW System Providers.\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ How to Obtain Updates}
{\up #}{\footnote # How_to_Obtain_Updates}
{\up K}{\footnote K How to Obtain Updates}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b How to Obtain Updates}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
Because business requirements and trends change frequently, updates will be present to keep all of your hard work current.  We at TSW System Providers will be continuously changing, updating and adding new features to ensure that your use of TSW forms will continue to be easy, quick, and accurate.\par 
\par 
To obtain update information, or to acquire the new updates, one of the two following options are available.\par 
\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Call us directly at }{\plain\b TSW System Providers}{\plain  (519) 895-0550.  We take pride in our curteous staff and will make all efforts to ensure that the updates you want will be available.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Visit us at our website at }{\plain\b www.ecomKitchener.net}{\plain .  All of the new features, product information, and purchasing needs can be completed from over the internet. \par 
\par 
We appreciate any questions and/or comments that you may have about our products and/or our web site.  It is your commentary that gives us the ability to direct product development on the most important person, you the customer.\par 
\par 
\par 
}\par 
{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ INS 2106E}
{\up #}{\footnote # INS_2106E}
{\up K}{\footnote K INS 2106E}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs36\b INS 2106E}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b THE INS-2106-01-98E IS A HUMAN RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT CANADA (HRDC) SECURED FORM AND THIS REPRESENTATION IS TO BE USED AS A GUIDE ONLY FOR COMPARISON WHEN COMPLETEING THE ORIGINAL 4 PART RECORD OF EMPLOYMENT AS SUPPLIED THROUGH HRDC WITH THE APPROPRIATE PROOF REQUIRED BY HRDC THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO POSSES THIS FORM.  THIS VERSION OF FORM INS-2106-98E SHOULD NOT BE SENT TO HRDC AS IT WILL BE REJECTED.  HRDC REQUIRES THE ORIGINAL AS SUPPLIED BY THEM.\par 
How to Complete the Record of Employment (ROE) Form}\par 
{\plain \par 
}{\plain\b When to issue a Record of Employment (ROE) form }\par 
{\plain \par 
A Record of Employment (ROE) must be issued for each interruption of earnings. An interruption of earnings occurs where an employee has quit, was laid-off or terminated and has had, or is anticipated to have, seven consecutive calendar days without both work and insurable earnings from the employer. However, this seven-day rule does not apply to real estate agents and employees mainly paid by commission. For real estate agents, an interruption of earnings occurs only when the employee is no longer licensed to sell real estate. For employees mainly paid by commission, an interruption of earnings occurs when the employment relationship has ended.\par 
\par 
 \par 
Interruptions of earnings also occur when insurable earnings, including those for real estate agents and employees paid by commission, fall below 60% of normal weekly earnings due to illness, injury, quarantine, pregnancy or the need for a parent to care for either newly born or adopted children. \par 
\par 
You must issue a ROE within five calendar days of the interruption of earnings itself or the date the employer becomes aware of the interruption. \par 
\par 
\par 
There are three exceptions to this five-day rule:\par 
\par 
First, an employer may choose to report employment which covers several interruptions of earnings on a single ROE. This option is available for part-time, temporary or casual workers who have periods without earnings but are not formally laid-off or terminated. However, if no work was performed during 30 days, a ROE must be issued. See Block 15 of the ROE form. \par 
\par 
Second, where a business changes hands, this is technically an interruption of earnings from the employer to the employees concerned. However, no ROE is required as long as there is no actual break in employee receipt of wages or salary between old and new employers, the old employers payroll records are available to the new employer, and the new employer agrees to issue a single ROE covering both periods of employment. \par 
\par 
Third, where a large number of employees are being laid off or let go, as in a plant closure, special arrangements can be made regarding ROE issuance. Contact your local Government of Canada Employment Insurance (EI) office for more information. \par 
\par 
Despite the above exceptions, employers must issue a ROE if requested by Human Resources Development Canada. Employers must also issue a ROE where there has been an interruption of earnings and a ROE is requested by the employee. A penalty may apply to employers who fail to issue a ROE as required. ROEs play an important role in controlling EI fraud. Each year millions of dollars of EI Income Benefit overpayments are detected through the use of information gathered from ROEs issued by employers. This is why it is mandatory that a ROE be issued and the second copy be sent to Bathurst, even if the departing employee has no intention of filing a claim for EI benefits.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 1}{\plain   - ROE forms are valuable documents, used to establish claims for EI Income Benefits. As a result, HRDC records serial numbers of ROE forms provided to employers. If ROE forms are lost or are stolen, please inform your local Government of Canada EI office immediately and quote the serial numbers in question. For this reason, it is a good idea for employers to track ROE serial number usage for a period of six years, just like you do with payroll cheques. Fraud contributes to higher employer and employee Employment Insurance (EI) premiums. Control over ROE serial numbers is an important element of combating fraudulent EI claims.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 2}{\plain   - Serial number of record amended or replaced.  Complete this area where a ROE is being issued to amend or correct information previously provided on a ROE. When amending a ROE complete all the Blocks required. Repeat any correct information supplied on the initial ROE.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 4 }{\plain - Employer's name and address Employers name and address  Enter the employer name and address as these appear on the Revenue Canada PD7A remittance form.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 5}{\plain  - Revenue Canada Business Number (BN).  Enter the BN used to report the employee's EI premiums to Revenue Canada. Where there are multiple BN accounts used to report payroll source deductions, please ensure that the correct BN is used here.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 6 }{\plain - Pay period type.  Enter one of the pay period types from the chart given on the reverse of the ROE form. For employees who are paid solely on commissions or on salary and irregularly paid commissions, use the weekly pay period type. For employees who are working on a contract basis and who, under this contract, are paid during pay periods that do not cover the entire period of the contract, (e.g. teachers) use the weekly pay period type.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 10}{\plain   - First day worked.  Enter the first physical day of actual work. Where there has been a previous ROE issued for the employee, this date cannot be earlier than: \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab The date reported in Block 13 - UI Premiums Payable Up To (for 1996, UI versions); or \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab the date reported in Block 11-  Last Day for which Paid (for 1997, EI versions) unless the current ROE is amending a previous ROE (and Block 2 is completed).\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 11 }{\plain - Last day for which paid  Enter the last day for which the employee was paid. This would normally be the last day of actual work. However, sometimes the employment relationship is continued after the last day of work. For example, where an employee goes on paid vacation prior to a maternity leave, enter the last day of the paid vacation leave. Where unpaid wages are owing to an employee on termination, enter the last day for which those wages are owing.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 12}{\plain  - Final pay period ending date.  Enter the final pay period ending date on or after the date in Block 11. For example, where an employee's last day paid is the last day in the pay period, the dates in Blocks 11 and 12 will be the same. Where an employee is terminated during a pay period, enter the last day of the pay period itself.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 15A}{\plain  - Total insurable hours  Enter total insurable hours for the number of pay periods according to the following chart. For example, where your pay period type is weekly, provide total insurable hours in the last 53 consecutive pay periods, or less if the period of employment was shorter.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Pay period type reported in Block 6}{\plain \tab }{\plain\b Number of consecutive pay periods to report }\par 
{\plain Weekly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 53\par 
Bi-Weekly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 27\par 
Semi-Monthly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 25\par 
Monthly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 13\par 
13pay periods a year\tab \tab \tab Last 14\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Blocks 15B}{\plain  - Total insurable earnings  and 15C- Breakdown of insurable earnings by pay periods  Including insurable earnings of Block 17  Note: While insurable earnings for premium purposes are limited to $39,000 annually, there is no such maximum for ROE reporting purposes. For example if the insurable earnings in the appropriate pay periods are $56,345.02, report all of those earnings. Only complete 15B if there are insurable earnings in each pay period according to the following chart.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Pay period type reported in Block 6}{\plain \tab }{\plain\b Number of consecutive pay periods to report}\par 
{\plain Weekly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 27\par 
Bi-Weekly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 14\par 
Semi-Monthly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 13\par 
Monthly\tab \tab \tab \tab \tab Last 7\par 
13 pay periods a year\tab \tab \tab Last 7\par 
\par 
If not, complete Block 15C.  In completing 15C, the first entry should record the insurable earnings for the final (most recent) insured pay period.  Enter a breakdown of insurable earnings by pay period according to the above chart.  Where there is a pay period with zero or no insurable earnings, enter "nil".\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
For employees who are working on a contract basis  and who, under this contract, are paid during pay periods that do not cover the entire period of the contract, the following method must be used to report insurable earnings in either Block 15B or 15C. First, average the total insurable earnings of the contract by dividing these earnings by the number of weeks in the contract. Then, multiply this weekly average by 27 or less, if this is the case, which is the number of pay periods (from the chart) to be used to report earnings for a weekly pay period type. \par 
\par 
For employees who are paid solely on commissions or on salary and irregularly paid commissions, the following method must be used to report insurable earnings in either Block 15B or 15C . First, average the total insurable earnings paid in the last 52 calendar weeks (or less if the period of employment is shorter) by dividing these earnings by 52 or less, if this is the case. Then, multiply this weekly average by 27 or less, if this is the case, which is the number of pay periods (from the chart) to be used to report earnings for a weekly pay period type.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 16}{\plain  - Reason for issuing this ROE  Enter one of the codes from the table on the right hand side tear off portion of the ROE form. This table also appears on the reverse of parts 1 and 3. If none of the reasons in this table apply, use code K "Other" and explain in the "Comments" Block 18. It is a serious offence to misrepresent the reason for issuing a ROE. A person who enters a false or misleading reason for leaving may be subject to penalty or prosecution. The maximum penalty which may be imposed is $12,000 for each ROE.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 17}{\plain  - Payments of benefits (other than regular pay) paid in, or in anticipation of the final pay period, or payable at a later date.  Regardless of whether or not these monies are insurable. \par 
\par 
Note: The following earnings that are insurable should be included in Block 15B or 15C, otherwise explain in Block 18.. \par 
\par 
A.\tab Vacation pay: \par 
\par 
Any vacation pay paid, or owing to the employee, on the interruption of earnings. Dont include amounts in this Block where the employee extended the date reported in Block 11 by taking a paid vacation leave or when the vacation pay is usually paid with every pay period. \par 
\par 
B.\tab Statutory holiday pay: \par 
\par 
Enter the dates of any statutory holiday occurring after the date in Block 11, and the amounts owing or paid for these. \par 
\par 
C.\tab Other monies:  \par 
\par 
Enter any other payments, insurable or not, or amounts owing to an employee following an interruption of earnings. Amounts which you must report in this box include: pension payments; both lump sum and ongoing severance payments or retiring allowances; bonuses; wages in lieu of notice; retroactive wage increases; and other.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 18}{\plain  - Comments.  Please enter any information or comments that would help to prevent a phone call from HRDC (particularly comments which would clarify the nature of subsequent payments, or the reason for leaving).\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Block 19}{\plain  - Paid sick/maternity/parental leave or group wage loss indemnity payments (after the last day worked) -  If your employee is receiving any of the above payments, either from your company or a third payer, enter the starting date and the weekly or daily rate. Explain any additional details in the "Comments" Block 18 such as the number of weeks or days for which benefits are payable, or on what basis the benefits are paid (five days, seven days, three days per week basis, etc.).\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Important - This is for your reference}{\plain . \par 
\par 
How to obtain more information\par 
\par 
If you require further information on how to complete the ROE or if you want to attend an information session, contact the Record of Employment Assistance people. The telephone numbers can be found on the inside of this cover page. Other Human Resources Development Canada (HRDC) publications on the Employment Insurance (EI) program may be obtained at your local Government of Canada EI office. You can also visit HRDC's Internet home page. \par 
\par 
Enquiries regarding insurability should be directed to Revenue Canada. Their telephone number is listed in the blue pages of your local telephone directory. More information on the EI system may be obtained from the following sources: \par 
\par 
Revenue Canada's Employers' Guide to Payroll Deductions. This is published in two parts, Basic Information (T4001) and Taxable Benefits and Non-Resident Information (T4130). Chapter 3 of Basic Information contains detailed information on insurable employment, earnings and hours and calculating EI premiums. Copies of these may be obtained at your local Taxation Services office or over the Internet. }{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Legal Notice}
{\up #}{\footnote # Legal_Notice}
{\up K}{\footnote K Legal Notice}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Legal Notice}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs28\b NOTICE TO USER}\par 
{\plain \par 
}{\plain\b THIS IS A CONTRACT.  BY INSTALLING THIS SOFTWARE YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.}\par 
{\plain \par 
This TSW System Providers  ("TSW") End User License Agreement accompanies the TSW Forms product and related explanatory materials  ("Software").  The term "Software" also shall include any upgrades, modified versions or updates of the Software licensed to you by Adobe.  Please read this Agreement carefully. This license shall supersede any verbal, or prior verbal or written, statement or agreement to the contrary. If you do not understand or accept these terms, or your local regulations prohibit "after sale" license agreements or limited disclaimers, you must cease and desist using this product immediately.  Any third party software that may be provided with the software is included for use at your option.  If you choose to use such third party software, then such use shall be governed by such third party's license agreement, a copy of which will be installed in their respective folder on your computer upon installation of the software.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs28\b I. USE OF SOFTWARE}\par 
{\plain \par 
1. Grant of License.  TSW hereby grants to you a non-exclusive license to use the Software and any related documentation ("Documentation") subject to the following terms: \par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
a) You may use the Software on any single computer.\par 
 \par 
b) You may use the Software on a second computer so long as the first and second computers are not used simultaneously.\par 
 \par 
c) You may make one copy of the program solely for "back-up" purposes, as prescribed by Canadian, United States, and international copyright laws. You must reproduce and include the copyright notice on the back-up copy.\par 
 \par 
d) You may transfer the product to another party only if the other party agrees to the terms and conditions of this agreement. If you transfer the program you must at the same time transfer the documentation and back-up copy, or transfer the documentation and destroy the back-up copy. You may not retain any portion of the program, in any form, under any circumstance.\par 
\par 
 \par 
e) TSW may modify this agreement upon written notice to you.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs28\b II. TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS}\par 
{\plain \par 
1. This product is Copyright (c)1999-2000 TSW System Providers Inc., all rights reserved. Title, ownership, rights, and intellectual property rights in and to the Software and Documentation shall remain in TSW and/or its suppliers.  The copyright laws of Canada and International copyright treaties protect the Software.  Title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the content accessed through the Software including the content contained in form files shall be retained by the applicable content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other law.  This license gives you no rights to such content.\par 
\par 
2. Adobe, Acrobat and the Acrobat logo are trademarks of Adobe Systems Incorporated which may be registered in certain jurisdictions.  All rights reserved.\par 
\par 
3. All forms are the property of Her Majesty the Queen in Right of Canada, represented by the Minister of National Revenue, all rights reserved.  The forms contained herein are to provide guidance only in completing Government provided forms and while all efforts have been taken to reproduce the forms accurately and completely, and some government departments will accept a facsimile form generated by this program, no warranty is made that the Government will accept the versions generated by this program and TSW assumes no liability for forms not accepted.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs28 III. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS}\par 
{\plain \par 
1. You may not;\par 
 \par 
a) Permit other individuals to use the Software except under the terms listed above.\par 
 \par 
b) Modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble (except to the extent that this restriction is expressly prohibited by law) or create derivative works based upon the Software or Documentation.\par 
 \par 
c) Copy the Software or Documentation (except as expressly defined in this agreement).\par 
 \par 
d) Rent and/or lease the Software and/or Documentation.\par 
\par 
 \par 
e) Remove any proprietary notices or labels on the Software or Documentation.\par 
\par 
2. You agree that you shall only use the Software and Documentation in a manner that complies with all applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which you use the Software and Documentation, including, but not limited to, applicable restrictions concerning copyright and other intellectual property rights.\par 
\par 
3. You may not use the Software in conjunction with any device or service designed to circumvent technological measures employed to control access to, or the rights in, a content file or other work protected by the copyright laws of any jurisdiction.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs28\b IV. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY}\par 
{\plain \par 
1. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY: THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED AS IS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TSW SYSTEM PROVIDERS FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT; NOR IS TSW RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR CURRENCY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED AND SUPPLIED BY EXTERNAL SOURCES.  THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE AND DOCUMENTATION REMAINS WITH YOU TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL TSW SYSTEM PROVIDERS OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR OTHER DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, OR OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE PRODUCT, EVEN IF TSW SYSTEM PROVIDERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs28\b V. MISCELLANEOUS}\par 
{\plain \par 
1. This License Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between us, notwithstanding any variance with any purchase order or other written instrument submitted by you, whether formally rejected by TSW or not. \par 
 \par 
2. This license is effective until terminated. You may terminate it by destroying the program, the documentation and copies thereof. This license will also terminate if you fail to comply with any terms or conditions of this agreement. You agree upon such termination to destroy all copies of the program and of the documentation, or return them to TSW System Providers Inc. for disposal.\par 
\par 
 \par 
3. All other rights and restrictions not specifically granted in this license are reserved by TSW System Providers Inc.\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ NAS 2120}
{\up #}{\footnote # NAS_2120}
{\up K}{\footnote K NAS 2120}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs36\b NAS 2120}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
Issue Social Insurance Number\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b APPLICATION FOR A:}\par 
{\plain \par 
}{\plain\b FIRST SOCIAL INSURANCE NUMBER CARD}{\plain  (fee not required)\par 
}{\plain\b REPLACEMENT CARD}{\plain  (fee required)\par 
}{\plain\b CHANGE OF NAME(S) ON CARD}{\plain  (fee not required)\par 
}{\plain\b CHANGE OF STATUS}{\plain  (fee not required)\par 
}{\plain\b OTHER CHANGES}{\plain  (no card will be issued and no fee required)\par 
\par 
If you are replacing your SIN card, you must pay a $10.00 fee\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b YOUR APPLICATION WILL BE RETURNED IF NOT ACCOMPANIED BY THE REQUIRED DOCUMENTS (see instruction sheet for details)}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b INFORMATION CONCERNING THE APPLICATION}\par 
{\plain \par 
INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THIS FORM IS USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF ISSUING SOCIAL INSURANCE NUMBERS.  ITS COLLECTION IS AUTHORIZED BY THE EMPLOYMENT INSURANCE ACT.  FOR MORE DETAILS ON THE USES AND RIGHTS CONCERNING INSPECTION AND CORRECTION OF THE INFORMATION, REFER TO THE PUBLICATION INFO SOURCE, BANK NO. HRDC PPU 390, AVAILABLE IN HUMAN RESOURCE CENTRES OF CANADA AND MAJOR PUBLIC LIBRARIES.\par 
 \par 
IT IS AN OFFENCE TO KNOWINGLY APPLY FOR MORE THAN ONE SOCIAL INSURANCE NUMBER.  YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO GIVE OR LEND YOUR CARD TO ANYONE\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Instruction Sheet}\par 
{\plain A -  Complete the attached SIN application form and provide us with the required documents(s).  }{\plain\b THE DOCUMENTS(S) YOU PROVIDE MUST BE ORIGINAL}{\plain .  Photocopies are not acceptable unless certified by a notary public, a commissioner of oaths or a HRCC officer. See below for the required documents(s).\par 
 \par 
Your application will be returned if not accompanied by the required documents(s)\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Replacing a SIN card:}\par 
{\plain B - If you are replacing your SIN card, you must pay a $10.00 fee.  Make your personal cheque, bank draft or money order payable to the }{\plain\b RECEIVER GENERAL FOR CANADA}{\plain .  You may pay in cash at a Human Resource Centre of Canada.  Please note the fee is subject to change without notice. }{\plain\b  DO NOT MAIL CASH.}\par 
{\plain \par 
We encourage you to take your application and documents(s) to the nearest Human Resource Centre of Canada.  Your application will be certified and your documents(s) will be returned to you immediately.  If this is inconvenient, you may mail your application and documents(s) to the address below.  Your document(s) will be returned with your SIN card.  }{\plain\b HOWEVER, IN THE UNLIKELY EVENT THEY ARE NOT RETURNED, PLEASE TAKE NOTE THAT WE ARE NOT ACCOUNTABLE FOR LOST DOCUMENTS}{\plain .\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Social Insurance Registration}\par 
{\plain P.O. Box 7000\par 
BATHURST, N.B.\par 
E2A 4T1\par 
\par 
If you are employed, it is important that the name and Social Insurance Number under which you are working are identical to the name and Social Insurance Number that appear on your SIN card.  This will ensure that your Canada and / or Quebec Pension Plan(s) contributions are properly credited to you.\par 
\par 
}\par 
\pard\s0\qc {\plain }{\plain\b DOCUMENTS REQUIRED\par 
 (subject to change)}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab You must provide one of the documents listed in 1 below\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab If the name you are now using is different then the name appearing on the document, you must also provide on of the documents listed in 2 below\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab If you can not provide any of these documents, cal your Human Resource Centre of Canada.  They can suggest other documents\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Section 1}\par 
{\plain \par 
\'b7\tab Canadian provincial birth certificate (issued by the Vital Statistics branch of the province or territory of your birth)\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Certificate of Birth and Baptism (only for persons born and baptized in Newfoundland and Quebec).  The Quebec Certificates must have been issued before January 1st, 1994.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab For Registered Indian:  If you wish to have your status in Canada recorded as a Registered Indian, you must provide your Certificate of Indian Status ( issued by the Department of Indian and Northern Affairs) in addition to your birth certificate.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Canadian Immigration Record and Visa or Record of Landing (IMM 1000).\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Unexpired Immigration form entitled Visitor Record or Employment Authorization or Student Authorization or Ministers Permit / Extension (IMM 1442 or equivilant)\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Refugee Status Claim (IMM 1434) (Also issued under RDS-001, RM-001, RM-002 and RM-008 in Quebec).\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Section 2}\par 
{\plain \par 
\'b7\tab Marriage certificate (Exception: The marriage certificate is not acceptable for persons domiciled in Quebec and who were married in that province after April 1st, 1981).\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Change of name document.\par 
\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Open - Open a saved form}
{\up #}{\footnote # Open___Open_a_saved_form}
{\up K}{\footnote K Open - Open a saved form}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Open Saved}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
}{\plain\fs28\b To find a saved form\par 
\par 
}{\plain \{bmc GRAPHICS\\OPENFORM.BMP\}
}\par 
{\plain \par 
\'b7\tab Potentially, one may have a vast assortment of forms saved when using TSW Forms.  It is for this reason that TSW Forms has incorporated a search engine to help locate the forms that you want\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab To show all forms saved - Leave the ? in the 'Form Type' field and click the find button.  This will bring up all forms that have been saved using TSW Forms.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Use the 'Form Type' menu to select the type of form you wish to load.  If you are not certain, leave a question mark (?) in this field.  This will indicate that the search is not case sensitive for the form type.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Use the 'Date' range in the top right corner to search for forms saved on a certain date.  Select the date range you wish the search to occur on. (example - if you wish to search for a form you had completed in January 2000, select a 'From Date' of 2000/01/01 and a 'To Date' of 2000/01/31.  This will locate all forms saved on those dates.)  Click the find button.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab If you wish to search for the save form by name, enter the name into the '\par 
Name' field.  Also of note, you may use wildcards in your search if you are not sure of the entire name, or may leave it blank to find all names.  (example - You saved a form for Joe Q. Public and are not certain of how you named it, so you can search using Joe*.  The star in this search will bring up all saved files that have 'Joe' in the name, regardless of what other characters are also in the name.)  Click the find button.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab You may search through saved forms by selecting a 'Comment' search.  Also of note, you may use wildcards in your search if you are not sure of the entire comment, or may leave it blank to find all comments. (example - You have used TSW forms to store all employee info.  In the comments section you have saved the employee's name, in this case Joe Q. Public.  If you wish to find all forms saved for Joe, type in Joe or Joe* to find them.)  Click the find button.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Note - You may use any combination of the above criteria to find a saved form.  This can significantly reduce time searching through many saved forms.  If you prefer to look through a list, select find as soon as you open the Open saved form to show the entire list.  \par 
\par 
}{\plain\fs28\b To open a saved form}\par 
{\plain \par 
\'b7\tab When you have located and displayed the saved files, click the check box beside the associated file you wish to load.  You may select to load more then one form. \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Once you have checked all the forms you wish to open, click the open button at the bottom of the form.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab If you wish to delete a saved form, check the box beside the allocated forms you wish to delete, and click delete.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab If you do not wish to open any forms, click exit.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Open and fill a new form }
{\up #}{\footnote # Open_and_fill_a_new_form_}
{\up K}{\footnote K Open and fill a new form}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs28 Open and fill a new form \par 
\par 
\{bmc GRAPHICS\\NEWFORM.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
To open a new form}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain\fs28 \par 
\'b7\tab From the form menu, select New.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab A list of the available forms that can be opened appear.  To open a new form, highlight it by a single click and then click OK.  Alternately you may double-click the form of your choice.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab All forms are displayed in alphabetical order according to the form number/name.  If you wish to sort the list by the form description, select the radio button labelled 'By Description'\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab If you know the catagory of your form (Personal vs. Business), you can display forms from these respective catagories by choosing them from the 'Display' drop-down menu  \par 
\par 
}\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Options Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote # Options_Menu}
{\up K}{\footnote K Options Menu}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Options Menu}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Addresses }{\plain - Allows the user to change information for the local Revenue Canada.  This automates all forms by filling in this information according to the users preference. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Addresses}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Profiles}{\plain  - Allows you to set up all of your company information.  By filling up the profile section, you are automating the use of TSW forms.  This allows the program to automatically fill in all of the Company information for you in advance. }{\uldb {more}}{\v Profiles}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ PR 0336}
{\up #}{\footnote # PR_0336}
{\up K}{\footnote K PR 0336}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs36\b PR 0336}\par 
{\plain \par 
}\par 
\pard\s0\qc {\plain }{\plain\b Completing the Return\par 
Please do not alter any preprinted information}{\plain .}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Line 1  Total Sales}{\plain  - Enter the total of all taxable and non-taxable sales of goods and services made from Ontario locations and all sales made into Ontario from locations outside Ontario.\par 
\par 
If you did not make any sales, either taxable or non-taxable, write 0 on this line.  Note that you must still file the return.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Line 2  Tax Collectable on Sales}{\plain  - Enter the total retail sales tax you have charged your customers.  If no tax is due, write in 0 and return the form by mail or deliver to a Retail Sales Tax Office.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Line 3  Tax on Purchases for Own Consumption}{\plain  - Enter the amount payable on taxable items used in your business, including:\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab goods from your exempt inventory\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab goods manufactured by you\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab goods brought into Ontario (see Sales Tax Guide 108) \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab goods purchased tax-exempt in error.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Line 4  Current Penalty}{\plain  - If you are filing the return after the due date, add 10% of lines 2 and 3, to a maximum of $1000.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Line 5  Compensation}{\plain  - You are NOT entitled to compensation if:\par 
\par 
-    your return is received after the return due date\par 
\par 
-    your return is not accompanied by payment in full\par 
\par 
-    your cheque is not negotiable\par 
\par 
Compensation is calculated on the amount shown on line 2, Tax Collectable on Sales, but not on that shown on line 3.  If the tax on sales shown on line 2 is:\par 
\par 
$20.00 or less, deduct the whole amount\par 
\par 
$20.01 to $400, deduct $20.00\par 
\par 
$400 or more, deduct 5% of the amount on line 2\par 
\par 
You may deduct no more than $1,500 compensation per legal entity for a 12-month period from April 1 to March 31.  For previous years compensation not taken, contact your local Retail Sales Tax Office.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Line 6}{\plain   Adjustment - Use this line to pay tax assessments, to deduct Ministry approved credits, or to make any other authorized adjustment.  Explain your adjustments in the appropriate section on the back of the return. \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Line 7}{\plain   Total Tax Due - This is the amount that should appear on your cheque or money order.\par 
}\par 
\pard\s0\qc {\plain }{\plain\b Please ensure that an authorized person signs the certification area}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
}{\plain\b ADJUSTMENT INFORMATION}\par 
{\plain \par 
This section of the return provides a method for identifying and paying assessments, deducting credits and making other authorized adjustments.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b A) Assessments/Credit Notes}\par 
{\plain \par 
This area should be used only if you have received a Notice of Assessment or Statement of Account showing an amount owing or a credit for which you will not receive a cheque.\par 
\par 
When paying an amount owing, enter the assessment number under the heading "Reference No." and also enter the amount of the assessment on the line with the (+) sign.\par 
\par 
When deducting a credit, enter the credit note number under the heading "Reference No." and enter the amount of the credit on the line with the (-) sign.\par 
\par 
If you do not have any adjustments to record in section B, carry the amount you have just entered in section A to the appropriate (+) or  (-) line in the "Net Adjustment" section.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b B) Other Adjustments}\par 
{\plain \par 
These adjustments may include:\par 
\par 
-\tab errors made on previous returns, e.g. under/over payment of tax\par 
\par 
-\tab compensation adjustments, including instances where too much compensation was taken on previous returns\par 
\par 
-\tab arithmetical errors on previous returns\par 
\par 
Provide details where noted in "Other Adjustments".  Enter the amount of the adjustment on the appropriate (+) or (-) line.  If you have no adjustments in section A, carry the amount in section B to the appropriate (+) or (-) line in the "Net Adjustment" section.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b C) Net Adjustment  Total of A and B}\par 
{\plain \par 
If there are amounts in either section A or B, carry the appropriate amount to this section, Net Adjustment, as outlined earlier.\par 
\par 
If there are amounts in both sections A and B, then only the net of A and B should be entered on the appropriate (+) or (-) line in the "Net Adjustment" section.,  Carry this amount to line 6 on the front of the return and indicate (+) or (-) in the appropriate box.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Payments}
{\up #}{\footnote # Payments}
{\up K}{\footnote K Payments}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Payments}\par 
{\plain \par 
It is through the payments page that employee payment and deduction can be updated on a regular basis.  Many of the calculations are done automatically through this section.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b How do I insert a new payment for an employee?}\par 
{\plain \par 
Essentially, much of the payroll requirements are filled in advance.  In order to enter a new payment, you must do the following.\par 
\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Click the new button.  If the employee works on an hourly basis, then a dialog box will ask for how many hours had been worked.  Included are overtime and double overtime features.  If an employee had worked overtime, and is not to receive time and a half, enter the entire hour total in regular hours.  If the employee is to be paid overtime for some of their regular hours, then enter the regular hours normally and the time entitled to overtime pay in the overtime field.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Select the calculate button and all deductions are calculated automatically.  If there are any specific changes, then enter them in the fields where applicable.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b How do I enter a Commission or a Bonus?}\par 
{\plain \par 
There are many circumstances when payment needs to be made and registered which is unique from regular pay methods.  If you wish to enter a bonus or commission, select the following.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Select a new record under the same period.  This will automatically create a new sequence.  A sequence is used to keep track of multiple payments made during the same period.  In other words, by selecting a new record for the same pay period, you can keep track of all forms of payments for the same period separately, making it easy to find specific items.  All portions of a sequence are kept in the same pay period.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab From the pay type drop-down box, select the type of pay.  Currently, there are three types.  The default setting is regular, which allows you to enter either the salary or hourly total.  The second option is the bonus option.  The field beside the drop-down box will be open and you can enter the total bonus for that period.  All deductions will be calculated according to the settings applied and the typical rules governing the deductions of bonuses.  If you wish to enter a commission, select it from the drop-down box and enter in the field the total commission.  Again, deductions are calculated according to the rules set in the employees section and deduction rules for commissions.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Select calculate and then save the record.  Anytime that you save a payment record during the same period, it is allocated a sequence number to ensure that each pay type is handled independently and correctly.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Personal Forms}
{\up #}{\footnote # Personal_Forms}
{\up K}{\footnote K Personal Forms}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs36\b Personal Forms}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab 11076- Birth, Marriage, Death Certificate\par 
\par 
This form is used to acquire certificates or confirmations.  The government use one standardized form to get any of the aforementioned documentation.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v 11076}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab INS 5114- Application for Unemployment benefits\par 
\par 
Use this form to apply for umemployment benefits from the Canadian government.  more\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab INS 5140- Medical Certificate, E.I. Program\par 
\par 
For use when a medical condition prevents you from working.  One half is filled by you and the other half is filled by your medical practitioner.  more\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab INS 5168- Sickness, Maternity, Parental benefits\par 
\par 
This form is used to acquire benefits due to Sickness, Maternity leave, or Parental benefits.  The government use one standardized form to get any of the aforementioned documentation.  more\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab NAS 2120- Application for S.I.N.\par 
\par 
If you or an employee requires a Social Insurance Number, one must aplly using this form.  }{\uldb {more}}{\v NAS_2120}{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab TD 1E- Personal Tax Credits\par 
\par 
Complete this return if you have a new employer or payer, and you will receive payment of some form or employment insurance.  more  }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Personal Profiles}
{\up #}{\footnote # Personal_Profiles}
{\up K}{\footnote K Personal Profiles}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Personal Profiles}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
If you are using TSW forms for your own personal use, then you may store your own profile using the Personal tab.  Your name, address, birth date, and other related information is entered here.  By saving your profile and you can have this information automatically enter into the appropriate fields of a personal Government Form. }{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Profiles}
{\up #}{\footnote # Profiles}
{\up K}{\footnote K Profiles}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs28 Profiles\par 
}\par 
\pard\s6\sb100\sa100 {\plain\f26\fs28 }{\plain\fs48\cf0 Profiles}{\plain\fs18  }\par 
\pard\s6\qc\sb100\sa100 {\plain\fs18 }{\plain The profiles section holds all of the personal or business information about you and/or your company. By filling these items out and saving the profile, it will automatically fill all of required information in the forms that you will use. This can save a considerable amount of time that would otherwise be required to fill these fields in multiple times. There are two main sections located in profiles, business and personal. You can select the profile preference you wish to fill by pressing on the appropriately named links.}{\plain\fs18  }\par 
\pard\s6\sb100\sa100 {\plain\fs18 }{\uldb {Business Profiles}}{\v Business_Profiles}{\plain\ul  }{\plain\fs18 
\line }{\uldb {Personal Profiles}}{\v Personal_Profiles}{\plain\ul  }{\plain\fs18 
\line }\par 
\pard\s6\qc\sb100\sa100 {\plain\fs18 }{\plain\f33 \'b7}{\plain  }{\plain\b\cf0 Profiles Loaded}{\plain  - A drop down box is also available in the top right portion of the window. This window contains a list of all the profiles currently saved. If you wish to view or change a profile, you can load it up by selecting the named profile from the drop down box. All of the information that was previously stored is know loaded into the fields.}{\plain\fs18  \par 
}{\plain\f33 \'b7}{\plain  }{\plain\b\cf0 Set button}{\plain  - This button allows you to select the currently viewed profile as the 'Set' profile. What this means is that whenever you fill out any forms, the information that was already filled up in your profile will be used automatically by the calculated forms to fill in any redundant information. This helps save time in filling any form using TSW forms by recalling statistics such as address and business number. }{\plain\ul more \par 
}{\plain\f33 \'b7}{\plain  }{\plain\b\cf0 Clear }{\plain - Clears all of the information in the current profiles. If the profile was not previously saved, then all the information currently contained will be lost and must be refilled.}{\plain\fs18  \par 
}{\plain\f33 \'b7}{\plain  }{\plain\b\cf0 Delete}{\plain  - Deletes the profile that is currently being viewed. Once a profile is deleted, it can not be restored. Do not use the Delete button on a profile unless you are certain that you will not have to use the profile again.}{\plain\fs18  \par 
}{\plain\f33 \'b7}{\plain  }{\plain\b\cf0 Save}{\plain  - Saves the current profile under the name previously used. If you have not previously saved the profile, the Save As message box will automatically appear. Use this option if you have applied changes to a profile and wish to have the changes remain in the profile.}{\plain\fs18  \par 
}{\plain\f33 \'b7}{\plain  }{\plain\b\cf0 Save As }{\plain - Saves the current profile under a name determined by you. This option is used when first saving a profile or if you wish to have variations of the same profile available. A message box will appear asking for the name of the profile. Simply fill in a meaningful name for the profile, and you will be able to 'Set' this profile in future sessions. }{\plain\ul more \par 
}{\plain\f33 \'b7}{\plain  }{\plain\b\cf0 Exit}{\plain  - To finish entering profile information, you may exit this window by pressing the exit button.}{\plain\fs18  \par 
}{\plain\f40\fs20 
\line }{\plain\f26 
\line }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ RC 107E}
{\up #}{\footnote # RC_107E}
{\up K}{\footnote K RC 107E}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b RC 107E}\par 
{\plain \par 
}{\plain\b ACCOUNTING ENTRIES  EXPLANATIONS}\par 
{\plain  \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b AMOUNT PAID:}{\plain  payments of Canada Pension Plan contributions, Employment Insurance premiums and income tax (net of adjustments) for the year indicated.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b GROSS MONTHLY PAYROLL}{\plain  (dollars only): all remuneration before any deductions.  It includes regular wages, commissions, overtime pay, paid leave, taxable benefits and allowances, piecework payments, and special payments.  It is equivalent to the monthly total of all amounts that would appear in Box 14, Employment income before deductions on the T4 slip.  For quarterly remitters, it is the total of these amounts for the last month of the quarter.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b NUMBER OF EMPLOYEES IN LAST PAY PERIOD}{\plain : the number of people who drew pay during the last pay period in the month or quarter.  Include anyone for whom you will complete a T4 slip, such as part-time and temporary employees, employees absent with pay, etc.  Do not include persons for whom you will not complete a T4 slip, such as occasional employees not part of your payroll, and persons who did not draw pay in the last pay period in the month or quarter such as those on unpaid leave.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b REMITTING PROCEDURES}\par 
{\plain \par 
We must receive deductions made during the month or quarter by the due date.  For more information, see the Employers Guide.  The date of receipt is the date the payment is delivered to the Receiver General (i.e., tax services office, tax centre, or a financial institution) and not the date you mailed the payment.  Please include your share of Canada Pension Plan contributions and Employment Insurance premiums when you remit your employees deductions.\par 
\par 
We will apply penalties for late or deficient remittances on amounts over $500 unless the failure is made knowingly or under circumstances amounting to gross negligence, in which case the minimum $500 will not apply.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b ENQUIRIES}\par 
{\plain \par 
If you need more information, or help in completing the form or using the Payroll Deductions Tables, contact your tax services office.  Please quote your account number on all correspondence.  If you make your payment at an Automated Teller Machine, check with your financial institution to make sure your payment will be processed and credited to the Receiver General account by the due date.\par 
\par 
Form authorized by the Minister of National Revenue\par 
\par 
To make your payment directly to Revenue Canada, return the bottom portion of the form with your cheque or money order made payable to the Receiver General to the address shown below.\par 
\par 
To help us credit your payment, write your business number on the back of your cheque or money order.\par 
\par 
If you prefer to make your payment at your financial institution in Canada, present this form to the teller with your payment.  The teller will return the top portion of the form as your receipt.\par 
\par 
We will charge a fee for any dishonoured payment\par 
\par 
DO NOT staple, paper clip, tape or fold voucher or your cheque\par 
\par 
DO NOT mail cash\par 
\par 
Please ensure the address below appears in the window of the envelope provided.\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
REVENUE CANADA\par 
\par 
875 HERON RD\par 
\par 
OTTAWA  ON  K1A 1B1\par 
\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ RC 1E}
{\up #}{\footnote # RC_1E}
{\up K}{\footnote K RC 1E}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs36\b RC 1E}\par 
{\plain \par 
}\par 
\pard\s0\qc {\plain }{\plain\b REQUEST FOR A BUSINESS NUMBER}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\par 
Complete this form if you have a new business and you need to apply for a Business Number (BN).  If you are a sole proprietor with more than one business, your BN will apply to all your businesses.  All businesses have to complete Parts A and F.  For more information, see the pamphlet called The Business Number and your Revenue Canada Accounts.\par 
To apply for a GST/HST account, complete }{\plain\b Part B}\par 
{\plain To apply for a payroll deductions account, complete }{\plain\b Part C}\par 
{\plain \par 
To apply for an import/export account, completed }{\plain\b Part D}\par 
{\plain To apply for a corporate income tax account, complete }{\plain\b Part E}{\plain   \par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Part A  General Information}\par 
{\plain \par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b A1 Identification of business}{\plain  - This area is provided to enter the Identification of business (For a corporation, enter the name and address of the head office.)  Enter the operating, trading, or partnership name (if different from name above):  If you have more than on business or if your business operates under more than one name, enter the name(s) here.  If you need more space, include the information on a separate piece of paper.  Enter the Business address, mailing address (if different from business address).  Enter the contact person, the address, title, language preference, telephone number and fax number (if you choose to name a contact for your account, see our pamphlet for more information.  Enter the financial institutions name and address of the branch you use for your business transactions\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b A2  Client Ownership Type}{\plain  - Indicate the type of ownership and what best describes your type of operations.  All corporations have to provide a copy of the certificate of incorporation or amalgamation.  Enter the following information for the sole proprietor, domestic employer, or foster parent.  Also enter information for the partner(s), corporate directors(s), or officer(s) of your business.  If you need more space, include the information on a separate piece of paper.  The information requested in first name, last name, home phone number and home fax number, title, Social Insurance Number, work telephone and work fax number.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b A3  Major Commercial Activity}{\plain  - Clearly describe your major business activity.  Specify up to three man products that you mine, manufacture, or sell, or services you provide or contract.  Also, please estimate the percentage of revenue that each product or service represents.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab A4  Requestor Information - Complete this area if you are registering for a BN on behalf of a client.  You are requested to enter your name, your companys name and the date of registration.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab A5  GST/HST Information - Do you plan to sell or provide goods or services in Canada.  If no, you cannot register for GST/HST.  If you export, you may be deemed to be selling or providing goods or services in Canada.  See our pamphlet for details.\par 
\par 
Will your annual worldwide GST/HST taxable sales (including those of any associates) be more than $30,000 or $50,000 if you are a public service body?   Are you a non-resident who solicits orders in Canada for prescribed goods to be sent by mail or courier and whose worldwide GST/HST taxable sales will be more than $30,000?  Prescribed goods include printed materials such as books, newspapers, periodicals, and magazines. If you answered yes to either of the above questions, you must register for GST/HST.  Do you operate a taxi or limousine service?  Are you a non-resident who charges admission directly to audiences at activities or events in Canada?   If yes to either of the above, you must register for GST/HST, even if you worldwide GST/HST taxable sales will be $30,000 or less.\par 
\par 
Are all the goods or services you sell or provide exempt from GST/HST?  If yes, you cannot register for GST/HST.  See our pamphlet for an explanation of exempt goods and services.\par 
\par 
Do you wish to register voluntarily?\par 
\par 
See our pamphlet for more information.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Part B  GST/HST}\par 
{\plain \par 
Complete sections B1 to B5 if you need a BN GST/HST account.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part B1  GST/HST }{\plain\b Account Information}{\plain  - If you need the GST/HST information mailed to you, this section must be filled out.  You need to specify mailing address if different from Part A1.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part B2  Filing Information}{\plain  - This section requires the date of the fiscal year-end of your business, and  to fill out your estimated annual GST/HST taxable sales in Canada (including those of any associates in Canada).\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part B3  Election respecting your reporting period}{\plain  - If your estimated total annual GST/HST taxable sales and revenues are $500,000 or less, you will be assigned an annual reporting period.  If your estimated total annual GST/HST sales and revenues are more than $500,000 to $6,000,000, you will be assigned a quarterly reporting period.  If you have more than $6,000,000 in taxable sales and revenues, you must file monthly.  If you wish to file more frequently than your assigned period, please check one of the following boxes; quarterly, monthly.  You cannot elect to file less frequently than your assigned reporting period.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part B4  Type of Operation}{\plain  - Select from this section the type of operation you will be engaged in.  If you do not fall into any of the 9 categories, you may check off the option box none of the above.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part B5  Province or Territory}{\plain  - (Check the boxes to indicate the provinces or territories in which you carry on commercial activities or maintain a permanent establishment.)\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Part C  Payroll deductions account information}\par 
{\plain \par 
You are required to complete this section if you need a BN payroll deductions account.  If you need payroll deduction information please check the box marked yes.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part C1  Payroll deductions account identification}{\plain  - You need to specify mailing address for payroll deductions if different from General Information.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part C2  General Information}{\plain  - (Please complete this area so that we can send you the information you need) This section covers type of payment, how often you will pay your employees or payees, whether you are using your own computer program for payroll purposes, and if you need our payroll formulas.  Other information required is if you are using a payroll service bureau and their name.  We also request you contact us if you require a copy of the Payroll Deductions Tables ( Tell us the format you wish us to send in, whether paper, windows diskette or a DOS diskette).   The first payment to your employees or payees is also requested along with the maximum number of employees you expect to have working for you at any time in the next twelve months.  The duration of your business, whether it is considered year round or seasonal, and if seasonal, please check the months that your business will be operating.  The country is also needed if your business is a corporation, and if it is a subsidiary or an affiliate of a foreign corporation.  The final information in this section needed is if you are a franchisee and the name and country of the franchisee.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Part D  Import/export account information}\par 
{\plain \par 
This section needs to be filled out if you need a BN import/export account for customs accounting purposes.  If you require import/export information you are requested to check the box provided.  \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part D1  Import/export account identification }{\plain - If your mailing address is the same as general information, check the box provided, otherwise this section needs to be filled out\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part D2  Import/export information}{\plain  - This section requires information about your account type. Is it an Importer, exporter, both, or meeting, convention, and incentive travel (MCIT).  If you are an importer, you are required to enter the type of goods you are exporting and the estimated annual value of the goods your are exporting.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Part E  Corporate Income tax account information}\par 
{\plain \par 
This section needs to be filled out if you need a BN corporate income tax account.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Part E1  Corporate income tax account identification}{\plain  - If your mailing address is the same as general information, check the box provided, otherwise this section needs to be filled out.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Part F  Certification}{\plain  \par 
\par 
All businesses have to complete this area.  The following requires certification that the information given on this form and in any document attached is, to the best of your knowledge, correct and complete.  An authorized person and their position or office is required to date and sign certification.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Reports}
{\up #}{\footnote # Reports}
{\up K}{\footnote K Reports}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Reports}\par 
{\plain \par 
When using the payroll package, the option to print out reports is also available.  This can be very useful for keeping track of changes that have occured with employee over the course of time.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Report Employees}\par 
{\plain To get a view of all of the employee's and information, you have the option to print a report.  When you initially choose this option from the payroll menu, a window will pop-up asking for a range of which employees.  Select the employee to start with and the employee to end with and select print.  At this point, a report will be printed on the employees in question.\par 
\par 
Information provided on this report is:\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Last name}{\plain  - Employee last name.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b SIN}{\plain  - Social Insurance Number\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Salary }{\plain - The amount of money the employee makes.  If salary was selected, the annual salary is displayed.  If the employee is paid by the hour, then the hourly rate is displayed.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Cash Benefits }{\plain - This is the total EI benefits that are recorded for the employee during the set-up.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Non-Cash Benefits}{\plain  - This is the total non-EI benefits that are recorded for the employee during the set-up.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Hired }{\plain - The date that the employee was hired.\par 
\par 
}{\plain\b Report Payments}\par 
{\plain \par 
To view all of the payments made to employees, you have this option to print out all of the information.  When you initially choose this option from the payroll menu, a window will pop-up asking for a name range and a date range.  Once selected, all payment information for the employee range selected, within the date range selected, are printed.\par 
\par 
Every payment entry has a header line, and two lines allocated per payment made.  The header line identifies the name and SIN of the employee.  Defined for each payment is the following:\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Date}{\plain  - The pay period date\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b S}{\plain  - Is the sequence number.  If multiple payments are made during the same period, they are allocated seperate sequence numbers to distinguish them.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Cash/Non-cash benefits}{\plain  - The first line displays the cash benefits and the second line displays the non-cash benefits.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Ins Earn/Tax Inc}{\plain  - The first line displays the Insurable earnings.  The second line displays the total taxable income for that payment.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Src Ded1/Ded2}{\plain  - The first line displays RSP deductions at source and the second line displays the Union dues dedutions at source.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab S}{\plain\b rc Ded3/Add Ded}{\plain  - The first line displays alimony deductions at source and the second line displays any additional deductions taken.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b CPP/EI }{\plain - The first line displays the total amount of CPP to be taken and the second line displays EI deductions.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Tax/Per/#Per}{\plain  - The first line is the total tax to be deducted while the second line displays the current period over the total amount of pay periods.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Emp CPP/EI }{\plain - the first line displays the amount of CPP to be paid by the employer and the second line displays the amount of EI to be paid by the employer.\par 
\par 
  }{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Save As}
{\up #}{\footnote # Save_As}
{\up K}{\footnote K Save As}
{\plain 
}{\plain Save As\par 
\par 
\{bmc GRAPHICS\\SAVEAS.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
To save as a form\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Use the save as feature if you are saving a form for the first time or you wish to save the current form with a different name.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab In order to keep track of all of the forms that can potentially be done using TSW Forms, three criteria are attributed to every file when saving.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Date - The Date that the form was completed is automatically placed and associated with the saved form.  If you wish to change this date for any reason, click into the date box and enter the date you wish.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Name - The name that you wish to save the file as.  The name should be meaningful so that it will be easier to find it for future reference (very important if you have many forms)\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Comments - If there are any comments concerning the form, you may enter them here.  In the future, this may be helpful in locating a saved form.  This is optional.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab Once you have completed naming the form, select Ok to save the form.  If you do not wish to save, choose cancel.\par 
\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Send Mail}
{\up #}{\footnote # Send_Mail}
{\up K}{\footnote K Send Mail}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Send Mail}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
\{bmc GRAPHICS\\EMAIL.BMP\}
\par 
\par 
The option to send e-mail through TSW Forms is also available.  If you are connected to the internet and have 'e-mail client' installed, then you can e-mail to the appropriate personnel.\par 
\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b TSW Accountant }{\plain - If you have any questions that you would like resolved concerning any financial aspects of the TSW Forms (such as payroll), then select the radio button.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b TSW Lawyer }{\plain - Iif there are some legal matters or legal jargon that you would like identified or explained, then select the radio button beside the TSW Lawyer.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Address}{\plain  - Optionally, you can send an e-mail to anyone that you wish through TSW Forms.  Select the radio button and enter the e-mail address of the individual you wish to mail.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Subject}{\plain  - Identical to the subject line of e-mail, the general topic of the message.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Message}{\plain  - Enter you message and / or question in this field\par 
\par 
Once completed, click the send button and your e-mail will be sent.\par 
\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Set}
{\up #}{\footnote # Set}
{\up K}{\footnote K Set}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs36\b Set}\par 
{\plain \par 
The Set function helps you to set a business or personal profile in place.  By Setting the profile, any subsequent form that is loaded will automatically have all of the similar information automatically filled in.  If you will be filling in many forms, this helps remove the redundancy of having to type in your name, address, and similar information.\par 
\par 
If you have set a profile in place, this can be viewed in the bottom right of the main window.  There are two letters in the bottom right, P and B.  The P represents the personal profile currently set in TSW forms.  The B represents any business profile currently set.  If you wish to set a new profile, select it from the profiles menu and set the desired one.  The name of this profile will appear in the bottom right.\par 
\par 
Any forms subsequently loaded will take on the set profile statistics as applicable.}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ Tool Bar Icons}
{\up #}{\footnote # Tool_Bar_Icons}
{\up K}{\footnote K Tool Bar Icons}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Tool Bar Icons}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
}{\uldb {New }}{\v Form_Menu}{\plain - Open new form\par 
}{\uldb {Open}}{\v Form_Menu}{\plain  - Open a saved form\par 
 }{\uldb {Save}}{\v Form_Menu}{\plain  - Save current form\par 
\par 
}{\uldb { Preview}}{\v Form_Menu}{\plain  - Print preview current form\par 
 }{\uldb {Print }}{\v Form_Menu}{\plain - Print current form\par 
\par 
}{\plain  }{\uldb {Cut}}{\v Edit_Menu}{\plain  - Cut selection\par 
}{\uldb { Paste}}{\v Edit_Menu}{\plain  - Paste selection\par 
 }{\uldb {Copy}}{\v Edit_Menu}{\plain  }{\uldb {}}{\v Form_Menu}{\plain - Copy selection\par 
\par 
\par 
}{\uldb { Profiles}}{\v Options_Menu}{\plain  - Open profiles section\par 
\par 
}{\uldb { Payroll}}{\v _Payroll}{\plain  - Open Payroll\par 
\par 
 }{\uldb {Help}}{\v Help_Menu}{\plain  - Get help on a specific item\par 
\par 
}\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ What is the TSW Form?}
{\up #}{\footnote # What_is_the_TSW_Form_}
{\up K}{\footnote K What is the TSW Form?}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b What is the TSW Form?}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain \par 
TSW Forms is a collection of interactive Canadian Government forms that the typical small business entrepeneur requires.  Additionally, payroll can be used, calculated and stored using TSW Forms, allowing you to not only keep track of Employees and pay, but the addition of reverse payroll allows for more control in determining how taxation will occur.\par 
\par 
The forms available cover Taxes, Unemployment, and the like to be filled using TSW's inivative interface.  By having valuable profiles, addresses, and employee information saved, the time required to fill out forms is dramatically reduced.  Additionally, any calculations required to be done on the forms can be accomplished automatically, allowing you to spend less time on performing the mundane tasks, and more time running your business.\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
The addition of a payroll system is included with TSW forms.  This is an invaluble tool to not only keep track of employee pay, benefits, and deductions, but to also give you the capability to control HOW you wish these tasks to occur.  By adding in the option to reverse payroll, you can calculate deductions 'back to front', which means you can accurately estimate where money should be placed.\par 
\par 
\par 
}{\plain }\par\page\pard\plain\s0\qc {\up $}{\footnote $ What would you like to start doing?}
{\up #}{\footnote # What_would_you_like_to_start_doing_}
{\up K}{\footnote K What would you like to start doing?}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs28 What would you like to start doing?\par 
\par 
What is the TSW Form?}\par 
\pard\s0 {\plain\fs28 \par 
TSW Forms is a collection of interactive Canadian Government forms that the typical small business entrepeneur requires.  Additionally, payroll can be used, calculated and stored using TSW Forms, allowing you to not only keep track of Employees and pay, but the addition of reverse payroll allows for more control in determining how taxation will occur.\par 
\par 
The forms available cover Taxes, Unemployment, and the like to be filled using TSW's inivative interface.  By having valuable profiles, addresses, and employee information saved, the time required to fill out forms is dramatically reduced.  Additionally, any calculations required to be done on the forms can be accomplished automatically, allowing you to spend less time on performing the mundane tasks, and more time running your business.\par 
\par 
 \par 
\par 
The addition of a payroll system is included with TSW forms.  This is an invaluble tool to not only keep track of employee pay, benefits, and deductions, but to also give you the capability to control HOW you wish these tasks to occur.  By adding in the option to reverse payroll, you can calculate deductions 'back to front', which means you can accurately estimate where money should be placed.}{\plain\fs28 }\par\page\pard\plain\s0 {\up $}{\footnote $ Window Menu}
{\up #}{\footnote # Window_Menu}
{\up K}{\footnote K Window Menu}
{\plain 
}{\plain\fs32\b Window Menu}\par 
{\plain \par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Cascade}{\plain  - Allows the user to have all of the forms on the screen open with a slight overlap, showing the titles to each of the forms.  This is a useful option if the user is using multiples forms at any given time, and wishes to find a particular open form.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Close All }{\plain - Identical to the close all function in the form menu, closes all forms and payroll forms currently open.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Minimize All}{\plain  - Allows the user to minimize all of the forms currently open.  Useful to see all of the forms currently open.  Double click on any of the minimized forms to maximize to the front of the screen.\par 
\par 
\'b7\tab }{\plain\b Arrange Icons}{\plain  - Allows the user to move around minimized forms.  This option is useful for users that have a lot of forms open all of the time, so that they can easily locate which forms are what by location.}{\plain }}